This kid is so brave
He actually called out the life of the flying general
Humph, the flying general is here
Dare to impersonate the Lord of Gods
Don't worry.
Impersonating Lord God
Sir Flying General, don't listen to their nonsense
No one has ever pretended to be the master brain
No one impersonates
You pretend to be a god
On Crime and Punishment
Since you don't want to admit it
Then I ask
Lord God has always loved his accessories
It is also known as the sword is in the person
But you don't have a sword in your hand now
Where is Jinghong Sword?
Disappear from the Lord
Jinghong Sword also lost its trace
Zhou Xiao did not release Jinghong Sword
Flying General experts must have questioned Zhou Xiao's body
He's an impostor.
How could there be Jinghong Sword?
I'd like to see how this kid blames me
Jinghong Sword is not something you can agree on
Hahahaha
I don't think he has ever seen Jinghong Sword at all
Is it Jinghong Sword?
I know the sword must be unsheathed
Dare you ask
Who dares to count pieces?
If you can bring out the golden red sword
I'll be the first to count the pieces.
OK
Then I'll take you to count the pieces today.